README.md, before:

# JarBundler
JarBundler is a feature-rich Ant task which will create a Mac OS X application bundle from a list of Jar files and a main class name. You can add an Icon resource, set various Mac OS X native look-and-feel bells and whistles, and maintain your application bundles as part of your normal build and release cycle.

Project moved from http://sourceforge.net/projects/jarbundler/

# Maven
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.ultramixer.jarbundler</groupId>
    <artifactId>jarbundler-core</artifactId>
    <version>3.3.0</version>
</dependency>
```


# Documentation
Take a look at ./dox/index.html


# ChangeLog

## Version 3.3.0 (2015-11-09)
* Merged changes from [tofi86/Jarbundler](https://github.com/tofi86/Jarbundler/) into official release
  * optional `contentSize` attribute *(for Plist key `NSPreferencesContentSize`)*
  * optional `useJavaXKey` attribute *(for [universalJavaApplicationStub](https://github.com/tofi86/universalJavaApplicationStub) support)*
  * optional `allowmixedlocalizations` attribute *(for Plist key `CFBundleAllowMixedLocalizations`)*
  * optional `copyright` attribute *(for Plist key `NSHumanReadableCopyright`)*
  * removed deprecated `aboutmenuname` attribute *(use `shortname` attribute instead)*
  * removed deprecated `infostring` and `shortinfostring` attributes *(use `copyright` attribute instead)*

## Version 3.2.0 (2015-08-05)
* optional `highResolutionCapable` attribute (for Plist key `NSHighResolutionCapable`)
* optional `LSApplicationCategoryType` attribute (for Plist key `LSApplicationCategoryType`)
* optional `SUPublicDSAKeyFile` attribute (for Plist key `SUPublicDSAKeyFile`)

## Previous history
Take a look at ./dox/index.html


# License
Licensed under `Apache License v2.0`

Commit message:

include hint to GitHub Releases page

README.md, after:

# JarBundler
JarBundler is a feature-rich Ant task which will create a Mac OS X application bundle from a list of Jar files and a main class name. You can add an Icon resource, set various Mac OS X native look-and-feel bells and whistles, and maintain your application bundles as part of your normal build and release cycle.

Project moved from http://sourceforge.net/projects/jarbundler/

# Releases

## Maven
Add the following dependency to your `pom.xml` file:
```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.ultramixer.jarbundler</groupId>
    <artifactId>jarbundler-core</artifactId>
    <version>3.3.0</version>
</dependency>
```

## Download
Check the [release page](https://github.com/UltraMixer/JarBundler/releases) to get the latest distribution.


# Documentation
Take a look at ./dox/index.html


# ChangeLog

## Version 3.3.0 (2015-11-09)
* Merged changes from [tofi86/Jarbundler](https://github.com/tofi86/Jarbundler/) into official release
  * optional `contentSize` attribute *(for Plist key `NSPreferencesContentSize`)*
  * optional `useJavaXKey` attribute *(for [universalJavaApplicationStub](https://github.com/tofi86/universalJavaApplicationStub) support)*
  * optional `allowmixedlocalizations` attribute *(for Plist key `CFBundleAllowMixedLocalizations`)*
  * optional `copyright` attribute *(for Plist key `NSHumanReadableCopyright`)*
  * removed deprecated `aboutmenuname` attribute *(use `shortname` attribute instead)*
  * removed deprecated `infostring` and `shortinfostring` attributes *(use `copyright` attribute instead)*

## Version 3.2.0 (2015-08-05)
* optional `highResolutionCapable` attribute (for Plist key `NSHighResolutionCapable`)
* optional `LSApplicationCategoryType` attribute (for Plist key `LSApplicationCategoryType`)
* optional `SUPublicDSAKeyFile` attribute (for Plist key `SUPublicDSAKeyFile`)

## Previous history
Take a look at ./dox/index.html


# License
Licensed under `Apache License v2.0`
